me
Heidi N vinegar Grimm Anders
The moon
The unique mafia unfolds Santa g love story
Ozmafia
The Ozmafia becomes Ozmafi Avivace 2015
Released on PlayStation vita
Oh
Naa was various long to finally do Nantsuka come here
It is still only a long time before we can meet everyone
Was what in
Oh I wonder was the introduction of the game early
8 what is good
Oh
Kun high
Hmm
In addition to the episode later in the PlayStation vita version, the original new
Episode or
Also add an additional end with a sub character and add an additional cg.
The world of Ozmafia opens
And finally realized the long-awaited full voice
In addition to the original vita version clock mode also equipped with plenty of volume
In one of
It seems
22 pm gar
I think so good smell
Likely to be awful
Do you know today's schedule properly
Yes I realized that it was time to realize
I had the mother fails
But it was good because it was fun
tax seems it is also possible to greet the family and the end that stood in the draft in the vita version
But yes, of course Otsu Family will be selected
Among them
If you run out, you can get angry
PlayStation vita dedicated software Ozmafi Avivace
2010 minutes February 26, will be released
A little patience to release
I waited forward to the day to buy to us